Java Enterprise Week6 Question2

How to disable cookies in Chrome browser?

Google Chrome(桌面版) (Google Chrome (Desktop))

step1:
Click the three-dot icon menu in the upper-right corner to get the Chrome menu.
step2:
Select "More tools > Clear browsing data". 
step3:
In the pop-up box, check off the third and fourth boxes to delete cookies and clear cached images and files. Just pick a timeframe from the menu at the top.

To manage the cookies in Chrome:
Type “ chrome://settings/content/cookies” in the omnibox (without the quote marks). 
Tell Chrome to allow data from local sites you actually visit, only keep data until you close the browser, or block cookies altogether. 
The best option: Block all third-party cookies. You can also set exceptions—if you block all cookies, you might to still allow them 
( for example, Amazon and NYTimes.com), just so you don’t have to re-type your password all the time.

Google Chrome browser

step1:
Open up the Google Chrome browser, click on the three small dots in the upper right corner, and then select Settings.
step2:
Click on the Settings with three bars in the top left corner.
step3:
Select "Advanced."
step4:
Select Privacy Settings and Security.
step5:
Select Content Settings.
step6:
Select the "cookies".
step7:
Turn off "Allow Sites to Save and Read Cookie Data" and block third party cookies.

Mozilla Firefox

step1:
Click the upper-right hamburger stack and select Options > Privacy & Security. 
step2:
Under Cookies and Site Data, click Clear Data > Cookies and Site Data > Clear to remove your entire cookie history.
step3:
Back to Cookies and Site Data, select Manage Data if you want to choose the sites from which to remove cookies. 
There’s also a checkbox to Delete cookies and site data when Firefox is closed. 
But that may be overkill. Under Manage Exceptions, create Exceptions to always (or never) accept cookies from select sites.

Firefox(Android) (Firefox (Android))

Go to the three-dot menu and select Settings > Privacy > Cookies.
You get three choices: Enabled, Enabled Excluding 3rd Party, or Disabled. To erase all cookies, on the Privacy screen, check the box by Clear Private Data on Exit. You’ll get another pop-up to pick Cookies & Active Logins, among other settings.

Microsoft Edge

Internet Explorer is ( mostly) dead, long live Microsoft Edge. To clear cookies:
step1
Select the three-dot menu and select Settings. 
Click the hamburger menu on the top left and select "Privacy and services". 
step2
Under Clear browsing data, click "Choose what to clear". Some options will be pre-selected; can click or de-select the items you want to delete. 
step3
Click Clear now. Back under "Clear browsing data", you can also choose what gets cleared every time you close the browser.

Safari(macOS) (Safari (macOS))
By default, Safari is only taking cookies from sites you visit—not third-party cookies. You can make changes by:
step1
Going to the Safari menu (a gear icon) and selecting Preferences > Privacy and looking under Cookies and website data > Manage Website Data. 
step2
From there, pick the sites whose cookies you crush; click Remove All > Remove Now to kill all cookies.
ps:
If you’d like to manage how Safari handles cookies, look for the option to Block All Cookies on that same Privacy tab.
To manage the cookies Safari will accept, click any site under Cookies and Website data to have Safari ask sites and third parties not to track you. 
Safari may ask on your behalf every time, but it’s up to individual websites whether they’ll comply or not.

Safari(iOS) (Safari (iOS))

With Safari, you don’t access the cookie settings by opening the browser itself. In iOS, go to Settings > Safari and toggle Block All Cookies to on.
①To kill all cookies, choose Clear History and Website Data. 
②To kill only select cookie data stored by websites (and keep your History):
step1
Scroll down to "Advanced > Website Data". You’ll get a list of the sites storing the most data; 
step2
At the bottom of the list click "Show All Sites to see the full list". Delete the data for sites you don’t recognize or trust by swiping left; 
step3
Clear them all by clicking Remove All Website Data at the bottom.

